source/documentation/index.md, before:

---
title: Common Transit Convention Traders API roadmap
weight: 1
description: Software developers, designers, product owners or business analysts - see how you can integrate your software with Common Transit Convention Traders API.
---
# Common Transit Convention Traders API roadmap</H1>


We are creating the Common Transit Convention (CTC) Traders API to allow traders to send and receive Arrival and Departure Notifications to customs and border offices in the UK and the EU.  

The roadmap shows you our development plans as well endpoints and projects we have finished. We are an Agile team and we will be updating this roadmap as we complete items and start working on new ones.

We are now in [Beta](https://www.gov.uk/help/beta). Some endpoints are ready for you to test in HMRC’s sandbox environment. More will follow.



## Key dates


| **Delivery** | **Description** |**Date** |
|------|-------------|--------|   
|**Release to production environment**| Traders can now use the API to send and receive messages to and from the offices of departure and arrivals|March 2021|


## [What we have released](documentation/released.html)

See what we have released, either to the HMRC's sandbox environment or to live production.


## [What we're developing now](documentation/developing-now.html)

Have a look at present tasks so have an idea about what we will release next.


### Who we are

We are the Commmon Transit Convention API developer team. We are creating our APIs through the Agile process, as you can see when you look through the links above.

If you have any questions, or you wish to get in touch, please talk to your usual Software Development Support Team contact, or email SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk

### Related API documentation
<!--- Section owner: MTD Programme --->

  * [Service Guide](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/guides/common-transit-convention-traders-service-guide/)
  * [CTC Traders API specifications](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/api-documentation/docs/api/service/common-transit-convention-traders/1.0)

### Changelog
<!--- Section owner: MTD Programme --->

Version 1.1

15 September 2020

What's changed:

* Updates to our roadmap showing completed tasks. 

Version 1.0

24 August 2020

What changed:

* First release.

Commit message:

Changed released to live content

source/documentation/index.md, after:

---
title: Common Transit Convention Traders API roadmap
weight: 1
description: Software developers, designers, product owners or business analysts - see how you can integrate your software with Common Transit Convention Traders API.
---
# Common Transit Convention Traders API roadmap</H1>


We are creating the Common Transit Convention (CTC) Traders API to allow traders to send and receive Arrival and Departure Notifications to customs and border offices in the UK and the EU.  

The roadmap shows you our development plans as well endpoints and projects we have finished. We are an Agile team and we will be updating this roadmap as we complete items and start working on new ones.

We are now in [Beta](https://www.gov.uk/help/beta). Some endpoints are ready for you to test in HMRC’s sandbox environment. More will follow.



## Key dates


| **Delivery** | **Description** |**Date** |
|------|-------------|--------|   
|**Release to the live environment**| The API can be used in the live environment to carry out movements |March 2021|


## [What we have released](documentation/released.html)

See what we have released, either to the HMRC's sandbox environment or to live production.


## [What we're developing now](documentation/developing-now.html)

Have a look at present tasks so have an idea about what we will release next.


### Who we are

We are the Commmon Transit Convention API developer team. We are creating our APIs through the Agile process, as you can see when you look through the links above.

If you have any questions, or you wish to get in touch, please talk to your usual Software Development Support Team contact, or email SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk

### Related API documentation
<!--- Section owner: MTD Programme --->

  * [Service Guide](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/guides/common-transit-convention-traders-service-guide/)
  * [CTC Traders API specifications](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/api-documentation/docs/api/service/common-transit-convention-traders/1.0)

### Changelog
<!--- Section owner: MTD Programme --->

Version 1.1

15 September 2020

What's changed:

* Updates to our roadmap showing completed tasks. 

Version 1.0

24 August 2020

What changed:

* First release.
